hi who are you well I'm juicer I'm
Terran player from Finland I'm 22 years
old I'm playing full time right now
until next autumn or maybe a little bit
longer but playing 14 awesome gaming and
that's basically everything I'm single
so and next piston are you sure you
don't seem like him well I believe I'm
future I do certainly believe so okay
well in such good how are you are you
enjoying your time here yes I'm enjoying
my time whether these questions are like
a some pop-up westerns and they ask you
about everything in total there are some
girl and from your city and she wants to
have nice time I don't know yes couch
there are beers right yes three bidders
they are always nice which raised do you
play and why I played her on because
terror is the most awesome race and it's
good to be meaner minority we not really
beautifully because you can whine about
everything I mean if your turn you can't
worry about anything because you know
that your best race in the gay but
you're tearin' you can worry about
everything because you know it's like
SAS anyway can I ask you a question yes
thank you are you player what kind of
failure well I'm in any kind of failure
so you like to play conflict with more
money no actually I don't like it woman
has practiced coin flipping in France
like last two years and now he's using
two skills against me and he actually
fooled me to play against him and I lost
like hundred arrows against him which is
Jose yeah I don't he's always chasing
but but the padishah program you can
text me perky really good
yeah I don't he's always cheating if you
have the B unit in the game which one
would you be I think I would be like
clothes because being a coast will be
nice when the circling our becomes your
basic distrust everything you can use
cloak and you can hide the difficulty
and Yuma can make a new can destroy
arity do you like forest is worst like a
salvation yes not too much to be honest
it's ok but not the biggest booster
nemesis well I have lots of Nemesis says
basically I would like to say it's LFE
because elf is always rolling me in
finished channels and I'm always rolling
him and he's like almost every time
beating me everywhere what was your
first video game actually I don't trip
yeah as it was Nora Nintendo 8-bit I got
it on Christmas present when I had like
four or three it came with two games the
trooper Mario and Zelda and basically my
sister were allowed to play tilde
because I was fearing the play 2 tilde
so my parents had height 2 tilde from me
because of the AV evil music of it no
I'm doing the firm you can join me ok so
what will be your next year resolution
yeah she's wicked put your name are
there is to be too so what will be your
next resolution harm I'm gonna be the
first am feeling the heart of the swarm
that's the good one what better you
should be entering this injury now
i think i should say like thanks for my
sponsors things without some gaming and
cooler master which is sponsoring me
over here and stuff like that i have no
idea what logic is like trying to trick
me somehow can you get him for me what's
him no oh such a shame I have no legs
too bad anything that the end of this
not really this must like the strangest
interview I ever had in my life to be
honest and I think this machine is
somehow cheating and doing something or
this guy has done some good Western
Santa kisses thank you